Prescribe the config plugin integration (#14)
hypertrack/sdk-expo: README.md

```json
{
  "expo": {

>     "plugins: [
>       [
>         'hypertrack-sdk-expo',
>         {
>           publishableKey: 'YourPublishableKey', // find this in the HyperTrack dashboard
>           automaticallyRequestPermissions: false,
>           allowMockLocations: false,
>           loggingEnabled: true,
>           locationPermission: 'We need your location to track delivered orders.',
>           motionPermission: 'We need your motion to track delivered orders.',
>         },
>       ],
>     ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "plugins": [
      [
        "hypertrack-sdk-expo",
        {
          "publishableKey: "YourPublishableKey", // find this in the HyperTrack dashboard
          "automaticallyRequestPermissions": false,
          "allowMockLocations": false,
          "loggingEnabled": true,
          "locationPermission": "We need your location to track delivered orders.",
          "motionPermission": "We need your motion to track delivered orders.",
        },
      ],
    ]
```
